chore(root): update contributing.md note (#1638)
nextui-org/nextui: CONTRIBUTING.MD

pnpm build # or npm run build
```

> > Note: ensure your version of Node is 16 or higher to run scripts

Reviewer: We could try to make it future prove.
```suggestion
> Note: ensure your version of Node matches the version specified in the `.nvmrc` to run scripts.
```
